[LMS-112] Fix un-soft delete bug (#183)
Ed-Fi-Alliance-OSS/LMS-Toolkit: src/lms-ds-loader/README.md

## Developer Notes

> ### Dev test database
> 
> Create an empty SQL Server database named "test_integration_lms_toolkit". This is required to run the SQL Server integration pytests.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Database-Enabled Integration Tests

This package contains SQL Server-integrated tests, in addition to the standard
unit tests. The specialized tests are in the `tests_integration_sql` directory
and they will run automatically if you call `pytest` with no arguments.

Before running the tests, create an empty SQL Server database named
"test_integration_lms_toolkit": `sqlcmd -Q "create database
test_integration_lms_toolkit"`. This is required to run the SQL Server
integration pytests.

To run only the _unit tests_: `poetry run pytest tests`. To run only the
integration tests, `poetry run pytest tests_integration_sql`.

#### Writing New Tests

Please note and follow the existing pattern for database-enabled integration
tests, as this pattern was carefully tuned to support use of database
transactions for rolling back changes and thereby leaving behind a clean
database.

```
